Use scala-cli in Getting Started page (#3072)
scala/docs.scala-lang: _overviews/getting-started/index.md

   or [AdoptOpenJDK 8/11](https://adoptopenjdk.net/). Refer to [JDK Compatibility](/overviews/jdk-compatibility/overview.html) for Scala/Java compatibility detail.
1. Install [sbt](https://www.scala-sbt.org/download.html)

## Using the scala-cli command

Create a file named `hello.scala` with following code:
```scala
@main
def hello(): Unit =
  println("Hello, World!")
```

You can define a method with `def` keyword and mark it as a "main" method with the `@main` annotation, designating it as
the entry point in program execution. The method's type is `Unit`, which means it does not return a value. `Unit`
can be thought of as an analogue to `void` keyword found in other languages. The `println` method will print the `"Hello World!"`
string to standard output.

To run the program, execute `scala-cli run hello.scala` command. The file will be compiled and executed, with console output
similar to following:
```
$ scala-cli run hello.scala             

> Compiling project (Scala 3.4.2, JVM (20))

Reviewer: shouldn't this be 3.5.0?

@main
def countFiles(): Unit =
  val paths = os.list(os.pwd)
  println(paths.length)
```

In the code above, `os.pwd` returns the current working directory. We pass it to `os.list`, which returns a sequence
of paths directly within the directory passed as an argument. We use a `val` to declare an immutable value, in this example storing the
sequence of paths.

Execute the program. The dependency will be automatically downloaded. The execution should result in a similar output:
```
$ scala run counter.scala       
Compiling project (Scala {{site.scala-3-version}}, JVM (20))
Compiled project (Scala {{site.scala-3-version}}, JVM (20))
4
```
The printed number should be 4: `hello.scala`, `counter.scala` and two hidden directories created automatically when a program is executed:
`.bsp` containing information about project used by IDEs, and `.scala-build` containing the results of compilation.

As it turns out, the `os-lib` library is a part of Scala Toolkit, a collection of libraries recommended for tasks like testing,
operating system interaction or handling JSONs. You can read more about the libraries included in the toolkit [here](/toolkit/introduction.html).

> To include the toolkit libraries, use the `//> using toolkit default` directive:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To include the toolkit libraries, use the `//> using toolkit 0.5.0` directive:
```

You can define a method with `def` keyword and mark it as a "main" method with the `@main` annotation, designating it as
the entry point in program execution. The method's type is `Unit`, which means it does not return a value. `Unit`
can be thought of as an analogue to `void` keyword found in other languages. The `println` method will print the `"Hello, World!"`
string to standard output.

To run the program, execute `scala run hello.scala` command. The file will be compiled and executed, with console output
similar to following:
```
$ scala run hello.scala             

> Compiling project (Scala 3.5.0, JVM (20))

Reviewer: there's also a variable `{{site.scala-3-version}}` which can automatically update when we have a new release.
